
Why do I like this hobby? The reason I like making macarons is because it's the eye-catching array of colors. 
The macaron draws me in because a macaron is in every way more visually appealing than the cupcake. 
It looks heavy and cute with two crusty, perfectly shaped round meringue based layers which have fillings sandwiched in the center. 
The smooth texture of the outer crust made of almond flour and sugar is smooth and appealing.  The shell is delicate and the interior is so soft and chewy. 
A burst of bold flavor from the filling ties it all together. And it makes me want to take another bite and try the next one and the next one. 

Next, I will show you to make macaron we need the following ingredients

MACARONS INGREDIENTS
1 ¾ cups powdered sugar
1 cup almond flour, finely ground
1 teaspoon salt, divided
3 egg whites, at room temperature
¼ cup granulated sugar
3 tablespoon whole milk


Step 1
Prepare the Macarons: Preheat the oven to 300°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Beat egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, until loose peaks form. Gradually add granulated sugar, and beat until sugar is dissolved and stiff peaks form.

Step 2
Sift powdered sugar and almond flour through a fine mesh strainer. Fold flour mixture into whipped egg whites. Add food coloring until desired color is reached.

Step 3
Transfer mixture to a ziplock plastic bag or piping bag with a rounded tip. Pipe 1-inch rounds onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper, and let stand in a dry place until rounds are dry to the touch, 1 to 2 hours.

Step 4
Bake in a preheated oven until ruffled edges (also called “feet”) have formed and macarons are set and not jiggly, 10 to 12 minutes.

Step 5
Prepare the Filling: While macarons bake, beat together salt, powdered sugar, butter, and milk with an electric mixer on medium until fully combined and smooth. Transfer filling to a piping bag.

Step 6
Remove macarons from the oven, and let cool on a baking sheet set on a wire drying rack for 15 minutes, then transfer macarons directly to wire rack and continue cooling. Pipe or spread Filling onto 1 macaron, and top with a similar size macaron. Serve immediately or store in an air-tight container for up to 2 days.


Finally, I want to share tips for a perfect batch of french macarons.
I know that making macarons can be a challenging task, but with my tips and recipes, I believe you’ll be a macaron master in no time! To ensure success, I have some tips that you should follow:
When separating the eggs, make sure no yolk gets into the whites.
Do not under- or over whip the meringue. Make sure it has smooth, shiny, stiff peaks. Use medium-high speed rather than high speed to whip it.
Make sure you sift the almond flour and powdered sugar together, so the sugar absorbs any excess oil from the almonds.
When mixing the macaron batter, make sure you go slowly so you don’t risk overmixing it. The batter has the right consistency when it’s like thick cake batter or molten lava that slowly flows and falls in ribbons off the spatula.
Let the piped macarons rest at least 30 minutes, and up to 2 hours if necessary, to develop a skin & ensure no cracks form.



