Homework8-1

Color chocies
1. the google font I would like to use for my website: Roboto, Orbitron, Bank Gothic
2. I use Finance icon from fontawesome: Chart-line, chart-pie, coin, dollar comment
3. color name:Aabe49 ; color theme: monochromatic; color code: #aabe49
4. image: myself; bank image; calculator image

MY HOME PAGE
This is Betty Chan, welcome to my website.  I live in San Francisco, I have background in Finance, the organization 
I worked for I deal with all matters loan applications,
appraisal, and support of small businesses. I ensure proper appraisal of loan applications and all the laws and 
legal requirements as well as eligibility of borrowers to support the right businesses and individuals to boost 
and grow their businesses. I offered business administration education to all the customers who seek loans from my bank.
This training includes credit management, financial management skills, market research and development, 
creating credible and bankable business plans, and contemporary issues in business management which includes 
calculation and estimation of risk. 

MY CONTACT
betty.chan@my.csun.edu
resume: https://github.com/bettchan/resume.pdf

MY PROJECT
build a calculator app on the website using html, css and javascript

Homework8-2

Three different portfolios choices
portfolios #1
https://www.wix.com/website/templates/html/business/finance-law
3 thins I like:receive upgrade design template; not commit to long term plans; receive all in one solution
3 things I don't like:Templates not interchangeabl; site isn't transferrable; Tracking and analytics require a paid plan.
	header:Navigation links. Company logo
	main:summary of experience and credentials
	footer:	copyright, contact

portfolio #2
https://www.squarespace.com/feature-index
3 thins I like:all -in-one platform; good for creative work; multilingual expereince
3 things I don't like:no history functionality; need to add feature; limit customerization
	header:photos, bios, clear business description
	main:design pattern, showcase, testimonials
	footer:contact, privacy policy, sitemap

portfolio #3
https://www.weebly.com/online-portfolio
3 thins I like:company own by square inc; easy to use for beginner; easy to use
3 things I don't like:no software installation, limit blog, no backup
	header:call to actions, easy URL, mobile friendly design
	main:photo, contact, video 
	footer:link to map, direction, copyright, social icons

